# Sales 101

## Trust and Credibility 

Trust and Credibility

You only listen to Trustworthy and Credible people.

It's the natural human instinct.

Why do children listen to their parents? Trust and Credibility.

You can TRUST that your parents want what's best for you, the biggest problem most children don't realise is that often times, in fact, most of the time, their parents are AVERAGE and therefore aren't exactly Credible.

But the assumption that you can Trust your parents and that they are Credible, is why Parents have such an powerful and influencing voice in their children's ears.

I want you to imagine,

If your parents weren't your parents,

Would you listen to their advice?

Imagine if they were just some strangers, would you REALLY listen to their advice?

No.

So, why do you listen to Andrew Tate?

Well, he's CERTAINLY credible in many metrics.

If you want any part of his life, he's the most credible man who can tell you how to get it yourself.

Want to know how to box? Most credible person is probably a pro boxer etc.

You also must TRUST what he says.

If you didn't, doesn't matter how credible he is, if you think his advice is a lie, you wouldn't listen, would you?

Most people absolutely follow every word of Tates for a simple reason.

1) He's credible, that's undeniable.

2) He's trust worthy, and that TRUST is BUILT in a very easy way. People who listen to his advice, notice that their life is better, therefore, he MUST be telling the truth.

So, now that you understand the MOST IMPORTANT parts of INFLUENCE, SALES and MARKETING.

How can you use this yourself with your profiles?

Well,

Most of you aren't personally credible.

You're a student, not a master.

So, you should leverage OTHER PEOPLE'S credibility.

This is why using Andrew Tate content is so good.

Andrew Tate content allows you to USE HIS CREDIBILITY on your own brand or social media page

So, now all you need it TRUST.

How to build trust?

This is best built the Andrew Tate way.

Make your follower's lives' better.

Give your followers VALUE.

Give them LIFE CHANGING CONTENT.

Give them HONESTY.

Give them unbiased reviews.

Give your TRUTHFUL experiences and thoughts about The Real World, Andrew Tate, or anything else.

You need to build a relationship with your audience.

It doesn't matter if you're a personal brand, or a normal anon one.

If the Addidas Pepe always posts good content.

if the Addidas Pepe has shown you clips, videos and text which has changed your life.

If every single time you listened to an Addidas Pepe review or commentary it seemed honest, unbiased and accurate.

If every single Addidas Pepe post seemed genuine with no alterior motives.

If Addidas Pepe is always honest and truthful.

YOU WILL TRUST Addidas Pepe.

And if you trust him?

If you find him a CREDIBLE information source?

You will LISTEN to him.

You will BUY if he says to BUY.

Why????

Because you have NEVER listened to him and been disappointed.

But remember, Trust only takes 1 post to destroy.

But Trust and Credibility are everything.

I also want to mention, having a PROFESSIONAL looking page, having BUGATTI quality Profile Picture and putting real PRIDE, CARE and EFFORT into your profile image and posts.

That is the only way to truly be TRUSTED.

Spammers and scammers are lazy and playing for the short term game, that INTENTION bleeds through the screen.

You cannot hide your intentions.

If you're a lazy fuck, your audience will know.

If you're only doing it for money, your audience will know.

You cannot hide.

The world will know who you are deep inside.

So make sure you do it to GENUINELY help your audience live better lives.

Do it for good karma, the universe will pay you for it. 

## How to turn clicks -> sales?

SOCIAL PROOF.

How do you get someone to buy?

Convince them it will make them money?

How do you convince someone it will make them money?

Show it making someone else who is just like them money.

SOCIAL PROOF.

WINS.

TESTIMONIALS.

Humans are Social Animals.

It is evolutionary, it's hard-wired in our programming.

You know when is the BEST time to go into the dark unknown which contains unlimited treasure?

AFTER THE FIRST OR SECOND GUY.

You don't go first.

And if you want to be THE SAFEST?

You go after hundreds or thousands of people have already gone inside.

This is why Social Proof is so important.

Don't try to convince them with words.

Words help.

But OTHER PEOPLE WINNING?

THAT.

Will convince them.

You just need to get them to.

1) Believe those people actually won.
2) Read and see ALL the people actually winning.
3)BELIEVE they can be just like those people.

Of course, this is just a way to increase TRUST and CREDIBILITY.

Trust and Credibility are the key.

And Social Proof, Wins and Testimonials are a cheat code.

Luckily for you guys, you have nearly unlimited amounts inside the main server victory channel.

So,

Want to increase your click to sales ratio?

Make sure that they have seen a bunch of other people winning.

You can make a story where you just show testimonials.

You can make a promo video combining testimonials from DiscoverTRW.

The Real World has worked for thousands of people.

It will work for them too.

Show them!

### VIDEO